README.md, before:

<h3 align="center">
 <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/logos/exports/1544x1544_circle.png" width="100" alt="Logo"/><br/>
 <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/misc/transparent.png" height="30" width="0px"/>
 Catppuccin for <a href="https://github.com/coteditor/CotEditor">CotEditor</a>
 <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/misc/transparent.png" height="30" width="0px"/>
</h3>

<p align="center">
 <a href="https://github.com/Suree33/coteditor/stargazers"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Suree33/coteditor?colorA=363a4f&colorB=b7bdf8&style=for-the-badge"></a>
 <a href="https://github.com/Suree33/coteditor/issues"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/Suree33/coteditor?colorA=363a4f&colorB=f5a97f&style=for-the-badge"></a>
 <a href="https://github.com/Suree33/coteditor/contributors"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/Suree33/coteditor?colorA=363a4f&colorB=a6da95&style=for-the-badge"></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
 <img src="assets/previews/preview.webp"/>
</p>

## Previews

<details>
<summary>🌻 Latte</summary>
<img src="assets/previews/latte.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🪴 Frappé</summary>
<img src="assets/previews/frappe.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🌺 Macchiato</summary>
<img src="assets/previews/macchiato.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🌿 Mocha</summary>
<img src="assets/previews/mocha.webp"/>
</details>

## Usage

1. Download the flavor of your choice.
2. Open the app and go to **Settings** > **Appearance**.
3. Click the **More options button** (⋯) and select **Import...**.
4. Select the downloaded flavor file.

<!-- The FAQ section is optional. Remove if needed.-->
<!-- ## 🙋 FAQ

- Q: **_"How can I do X?"_**\
  A: ... -->

## 💝 Thanks to

- [Suree33](https://github.com/Suree33)

&nbsp;

<p align="center">
 <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/footers/gray0_ctp_on_line.svg?sanitize=true" />
</p>

<p align="center">
 Copyright &copy; 2021-present <a href="https://github.com/catppuccin" target="_blank">Catppuccin Org</a>
</p>

<p align="center">
 <a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/blob/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?style=for-the-badge&label=License&message=MIT&logoColor=d9e0ee&colorA=363a4f&colorB=b7bdf8"/></a>
</p>

Commit message:

Add FAQ about the font used in the screenshot

README.md, after:

<h3 align="center">
 <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/logos/exports/1544x1544_circle.png" width="100" alt="Logo"/><br/>
 <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/misc/transparent.png" height="30" width="0px"/>
 Catppuccin for <a href="https://github.com/coteditor/CotEditor">CotEditor</a>
 <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/misc/transparent.png" height="30" width="0px"/>
</h3>

<p align="center">
 <a href="https://github.com/Suree33/coteditor/stargazers"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Suree33/coteditor?colorA=363a4f&colorB=b7bdf8&style=for-the-badge"></a>
 <a href="https://github.com/Suree33/coteditor/issues"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/Suree33/coteditor?colorA=363a4f&colorB=f5a97f&style=for-the-badge"></a>
 <a href="https://github.com/Suree33/coteditor/contributors"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/Suree33/coteditor?colorA=363a4f&colorB=a6da95&style=for-the-badge"></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
 <img src="assets/previews/preview.webp"/>
</p>

## Previews

<details>
<summary>🌻 Latte</summary>
<img src="assets/previews/latte.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🪴 Frappé</summary>
<img src="assets/previews/frappe.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🌺 Macchiato</summary>
<img src="assets/previews/macchiato.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🌿 Mocha</summary>
<img src="assets/previews/mocha.webp"/>
</details>

## Usage

1. Download the flavor of your choice.
2. Open the app and go to **Settings** > **Appearance**.
3. Click the **More options button** (⋯) and select **Import...**.
4. Select the downloaded flavor file.

## 🙋 FAQ

- Q: **_"What font is used in the screenshots?"_**\
  A: The font used in the screenshots is [0xProto](https://github.com/0xType/0xProto).

## 💝 Thanks to

- [Suree33](https://github.com/Suree33)

&nbsp;

<p align="center">
 <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/footers/gray0_ctp_on_line.svg?sanitize=true" />
</p>

<p align="center">
 Copyright &copy; 2021-present <a href="https://github.com/catppuccin" target="_blank">Catppuccin Org</a>
</p>

<p align="center">
 <a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/blob/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?style=for-the-badge&label=License&message=MIT&logoColor=d9e0ee&colorA=363a4f&colorB=b7bdf8"/></a>
</p>
